# OpenSpace Video Creator

This tool is built in Tauri (https://tauri.app/) using HTML/CSS/JS and RUST.
The tool was **only built for Windows** (primary Windows 10/11) but may work on Windows 7 if specifically configured for it 
(see https://tauri.app/v1/guides/building/windows#supporting-windows-7)

## Getting started

1. Clone this repo
2. Install NPM: https://docs.npmjs.com/downloading-and-installing-node-js-and-npm
- Tested with Node 13.14.0 and up to 18.15.0 (NPM version was the one shipped with respective Node version)
3. Follow Tauri prereq. guide: https://tauri.app/v1/guides/getting-started/prerequisites
4. Go to the folder for this repo and run following command in CMD/PS/Terminal: `npm run tauri dev`

Note: you may need to install some dependencies via npm, it will say which ones 😉

## How to build binaries for distribution

To build a binary for distribution, execute command: `npm run tauri build`
You can read more here for the nuances and options: https://tauri.app/v1/guides/building/windows

Once the build finishes you can find the .msi under: `...\src-tauri\target\release\bundle\msi`
For there you can either use the installation file as-is or use it together with the installation script - see below.

## Package the program and the installation script

There is an installation script in the `OSVC_installer` folder which installs both ffmpeg and OpenSpace Video Creator.
If you want to send the program and the installation script to someone, do as follows.

1. Copy the .msi generated by `npm run tauri build` into the `OSVC_installer` folder. 
2. Rename the .msi file to `OpenSpace_Video_Creator.msi`
3. Run the Powershell script called `package_installer.ps1`. 
This will generate a .zip file with the correct contents.
4. Send the .zip file to your friend or foe :)
<div>
The person who receives the .zip file only has to unzip the file and then run the file `RUN_AS_ADMIN.bat` as admin to install both ffmpeg and OpenSpace Video Creator <p style="display: inline; font-size: x-large">🎉🎊🎈</p>
</div>

### A cautionary tale...
The source code is messy.

```
Start of project
"This will only be used in some school workshops and is not meant for permanent use...
I don't need any web application framework, this bad boy will only need few buttons."

* A few buttons and other things later *
"Halp."

```

#### Don't tell anyone, but...
... there is a way to disable automatic outro generation.
In the application, input the _Konami code_ 🎮🕹️

This is option is not shown by default as we always want the outro for the workshops. 
However, there may be times when someone wants to use this tool under other circumstances.